---
layout: post
title:  "Imec.istart Accelerator"
tagline: Vroooommmmmm
date: 2023-05-25 14:17
categories: [News]
tags: [CodeGlass]
post_image: /assets/img/blog/speedometer.jpg
---
Big news, everyone! Exciting development as CodeGlass has been accepted into the Imec.istart accelerator program.

Getting accepted into this program is a true game-changer for us, as it sets the stage for our transformation from a startup to a scaleup within a year with the help of Imec.istart.

Let's talk about, Imec.istart for a moment, shall we? Being recognized as the world's top accelerator by UBI Global, Imec.istart is a program designed to strengthen tech startups through comprehensive coaching, state-of-the-art facilities, and robust funding.

We can't contain our excitement as we embark on this transformative journey. Eagerly anticipate tapping into the collective wisdom of the vibrant tech community, benefiting from personalized coaching, and leveraging the expansive international network that Imec.istart provides. This opportunity will empower us to refine our market strategy, acquire the essential skills and know-how to scale our business, and adeptly navigate the challenges accompanying growth.

We extend our heartfelt gratitude to everyone who has supported us on our journey thus far. The future holds immense promise, and we are eager to share our progress with you.

So, buckle up and stay connected because this journey is just starting. There is much more to come, and we can't wait to bring you along for the ride!
