---
layout: post
title:  "Meet Developer Joost"
tagline: Meet the Team
date: 2023-11-07 09:01
categories: [Blog]
tags: [CodeGlass, Team]
post_image: /assets/img/blog/MeetJoost.jfif
---

Meet Joost, a rising star in our CodeGlass team and a true tech enthusiast!

Joost's Journey:

Hello, I'm Joost Godschalk, and my journey into the world of technology began with a YouTube video recommendation. Five minutes to speed run programming Snake - all it took to ignite my passion for ICT. Soon, my YouTube feed was filled with programming tutorials, and I couldn't resist the challenge. I thought to myself, "I can do that too."
Since then, programming has become a central part of my life. I'm constantly seeking out more challenging coding assignments to push my skills to the limit.
My journey with CodeGlass started during my studies at Windesheim, where I was required to complete a short internship. I had several options but chose CodeGlass because they offered the most challenging assignment. After that internship, I decided to stay at CodeGlass because it's a place where I can work on demanding projects alongside others who share the same passion for programming.
CodeGlass has provided me with the perfect environment to explore my love for coding and tackle some of the most exciting challenges in the tech world. I'm thrilled to be part of this dynamic team and look forward to even more adventurous coding experiences!
Connect with me to chat about tech and programming anytime.
Best regards,

Joost Godschalk, CodeGlass Enthusiast 🚀