---
layout: post
title:  "Meet CEO Tyrone"
tagline: Meet the Team
date: 2023-09-22 13:23
categories: [Blog]
tags: [CodeGlass, Team]
post_image: /assets/img/blog/MeetTyrone.jfif
---

Meet Tyrone, our co-founder, original inventor, and a developer at heart.

Tyrone's story:

I'm Tyrone Krieger, the original brain behind CodeGlass, and I proudly introduce myself as the CEO of this groundbreaking venture.
Since I first delved into electronics, particularly computers, I've been captivated by their inner workings. I was always eager to grasp the magic behind the commands I typed and the programs I crafted. This curiosity led me to pursue a career in software development, and it's been an exhilarating journey.
My journey here had challenges, but let's fast forward to my university days.
Countless hours of debugging applications led to a revelation - an idea to revolutionize debugging and streamline the process. This concept became the foundation of CodeGlass.
When I proposed this idea, it faced scepticism and disbelief. Many believed it was impossible, a non-existent solution to a problem they'd accepted as a fact of life. I chose to challenge that assumption, and I'm glad I did.
After graduation, I found myself at a crossroads - a trained developer who'd also become the visionary behind a game-changing product. I realized that, as no one else could envision or create CodeGlass, I was the most appropriate person to lead the company.
My journey isn't about becoming a CEO but solving a problem in our industry. My role as CEO is simply a means to that end.
As I lead CodeGlass into the future, I aspire to create a company where developers don't resent management, just as I once challenged the belief that CodeGlass was impossible. We can prove them wrong once again.

I look forward to the exciting opportunities ahead and am grateful for your support. Feel free to reach out ,if you have any question about me or codeglass, at tyrone@codeglass.io 